[English subtitles are available]
[At the First Light of Dawn]
[Interesting]
Lieutenant.
I'm hot.
Mr. Jiang can cure your poison.
You're bleeding a lot.
That's not my blood.
[A Gambling House in the Western
Suburbs of Youzhou, Tang Dynasty]
The Youzhou Prefecture is
offering a reward for their capture.
These people are fugitives from
three provinces and five counties.
They've committed 13 crimes
and killed 27 people.
It's said they're staying here.
Give me some guidance.
I haven't seen them.
Get lost.
There's a scar on his right wrist.
[EYE FOR AN EYE 2]
The lieutenant is called Blind Cheng.
He's a bounty hunter.
The government draws
pictures of bad guys on paper.
The bounty hunters take the pictures
and catch the bad guys on paper.
If they catches them,
they can get a reward.
My name is Zhang Xiaoyu.
There are two “water”
radicals in the character "Yu".
Stop!
Run!
This way.
He went in there.
Hurry!
Where are you going?
Brat.
He was here just now.
Run!
Little dummy.
Look at this whistle.
I told you it was silver.
Give it back.
Still looking at me?
Fine.
You asked for it.
Get out of my house!
You old pig.
I...
Hey.
You get out too.
Here.
Have some fruit.
This is for you.
Let’s hurry up.
- We'll eat this on the way.
- Let's depart soon.
Here.
If Li finds out,
no one can escape.
For our child,
even by walking,
we have to make it to Chang'an.
Yes.
Who is it?
It's okay. It's a kid.
Let's depart at midnight
and take the water route
along the Zhang River to Weizhou.
We'll be protected
by masters of the martial arts world
all along the way.
Here.
After we pass the Taihang Mountains,
we'll split into four paths.
I'll give you another one.
In this way,
even if the information is leaked...
You eat it.
And Li catches up...
Eat.
He won't be able to take us all down.
As long as one person
can survive and reach Chang'an...
[Academy]
Is there something you can't tell me,
that you have to run so far
to tattle to my father?
[Academy]
[The memorial tablet of
the deceased daughter He Lan]
Li Jiulang.
You are a beast.
Give my daughter back!
[Yifang]
You look like your sister.
Do you want to go back with me?
I'll treat you as well as I did to her.
Kill me.
Who?
Get out.
Don't you understand?
Get lost!
Is it him?
Look at those shoes.
Why is he not afraid?
Is he a little silly?
Cao.
Polo, polo.
Let's play polo!
Let him go!
Pass the "ball", Jiulang!
I missed!
Next time.
I will catch it next time.
You've said so much.
What do you want?
Can you kill them?
I won't kill anyone.
Liar.
I know
you're great.
You catch bad guys.
They're so bad, why don't
you do something about it?
Get out.
It's a mess.
Have you heard?
How is the person I
asked you to investigate?
I almost forgot.
Wait for me.
I was too busy.
Don't you know?
As soon as it's light out today,
the streets are full
of these wanted posters.
It's fake.
Right.
On this poster is Li
Jiulang from the Li family.
It says he killed several people.
They found the person
who wrote the posters.
A girl asked him to write it.
She paid a silver whistle.
Now Li Jiulang
wants to find this little girl.
These people
come for money.
There's no limit to the bounty.
Do you want to try your luck?
Fine.
This task is heartless.
Li Jiulang's father
is a big shot in Chang'an,
afraid he'll cause trouble
and sent him over here.
Take a seat.
They say he's paranoid, epileptic,
and addicted to Wushi Powder.
He kills people for fun.
He's a big villain.
Double-check if this is your order.
He's called
Bai Shisan.
Right?
Yes.
They say they sell fish in Liangcheng.
The couple both live on the boat.
They might run at any time.
So you have to hurry up.
Tomorrow morning.
Okay.
I'll arrange someone to bring
you there tomorrow morning.
Just give the coachman
the address and the map.
And this.
It's medicine for your disease.
Not enough.
The price for information hasn't changed.
But transportation costs rose.
We found her.
We found that kid.
Who?
Where is she?
Hurry up. They found her.
Who? Who found her?
I found her.
They found her so soon?
Money sure is a powerful thing.
Did you receive it?
Can you do it now?
What are you doing?
Are you going to trick me again?
It's okay if you trick me,
as long as you help me.
You have to help me.
It's all your fault.
If you didn't save me,
then I would be the one who died,
not Cao.
I didn't save you.
I won't help you.
Get lost!
The horse is frightened.
Hold tight.
Who?
I'm falling.
Left!
Left.
Right foot, right foot.
Right.
Raise your right hand.
Hey.
Come here.
What does it say?
I can't read.
Just draw it.
Why are you so fierce?
This is what it says.
Hey.
Slow down.
Don't move.
Are you hungry?
Yes.
You won't be hungry after sleeping.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
There's a wolf.
Is this wolf meat?
[Market in Liangcheng]
Here.
Look carefully.
I've long remembered it.
You are interesting.
You work
with a child in tow.
A bounty hunter?
I know.
You do things for money.
How much am I worth?
Name your price.
After all, it's all about making money.
There's no need to risk your life.
Here.
Have a drink first.
Murder!
Get lost!
Watch out!
In the water.
Lieutenant.
Am I mistaken?
Lieutenant Cheng Yi.
I served under you at Tiger Hill.
Do you remember me?
We fought desperately in the war,
but what did we gain in the end?
I just killed a few people
and took some money.
That should be mine.
Is Lieutenant your name?
Stop following me.
Leave.
Where do I go?
It has nothing to do with me.
I'll look at the map for you.
Take me with you.
Sir.
Here.
Heading to Youzhou?
Yes.
Get on the cart.
I'll give you my eyes.
I'll be blind.
Then you'll be able to read the map.
Shall we trade?
Go.
[One month after they part in Liangzhou]
[Wanted List]
How did you get back?
I walked back.
You're lying.
I'm not lying.
You taught me to read maps,
make fire,
and sleep on the tree.
I remember everything you taught me.
Teach me how to kill.
I'll avenge myself.
The stable is yours.
You can stay if you want.
But don't mention revenge again.
Where are you going?
To help you.
I don't need your help.
Are you okay?
You did it?
I just wanted to tidy up for you.
Let me go out with you.
No.
The smell of alcohol.
[Wanted List]
Father.
Why are you drunk again?
Mother is looking for you.
Kid.
Who is your father?
I was wrong.
You are not my father.
Lieutenant!
Wake up.
Let's go home.
Lieutenant.
Wake up. Let's go home.
[One night two months later]
Where are we going?
To deposit the bounty.
You've saved up a lot of money, right?
It's none of your business.
Let's go.
Why?
Something is wrong.
Help me deposit this.
Wait.
This is official silver.
Who are you?
Five feet southeast.
Seven feet southwest.
Lieutenant is a registered bounty catcher
for the Youzhou Prefecture government.
You'd better behave.
Drop the stolen goods and surrender.
A blind man
and a kid.
You claimed to be bounty hunters.
Right?
Lieutenant, be careful.
His knives spit fire.
Shut up!
Run!
What was that thing?
And why did it spit fire?
Amazing!
Saltpeter.
Some people in the
military know how to use it.
You ran so fast.
Bullshit!
Is it funny?
No.
What is this?
Soup cake.
Take it away.
Mother will cook it for me when I'm sick.
You'll be fine after eating it.
You must eat it.
How did your mother die?
She died on the escape route.
She starved to death.
Zhang Xiaoyu.
What?
Find a place to sleep inside.
You know what?
You're fierce,
but not scary at all.
Just like an old yellow dog.
Bullshit!
Do you think
I can be a bounty hunter in the future?
What do you think?
Lieutenant.
You have many scars.
Left from battles.
Why did you have to fight?
To defend my hometown.
I don't have a hometown.
What about you?
Chang'an.
Did you win the battle?
Yes.
Why did you leave after winning?
No reason.
Chang'an must be very different.
I wish I could go and have a look.
Let's go together.
Nothing is different.
The person who hurt you at the
Depository is called He Zhuzi.
You should find clues
at Little Pimple's place
at Fengbei Tower.
Got it.
Anything else?
Stop.
Just get to the point.
You said
you were familiar with the
person who delivered wine
to the Xinfeng Tavern.
What do you mean?
I want to settle someone down.
Why are you here?
Didn't we agree to meet at the back door?
The lieutenant was
afraid you might run away.
Could I have slipped
away from that villain?
The address of He Zhuzi
is right here.
They are fugitives.
I took a risk.
Give me the money.
Lieutenant said
he has no money for you.
You...
are becoming more and
more like that blind man.
Come on.
Come and bet with me.
Who do you think will win?
Kid.
You lost.
You're not going home today?
I have something to tell you.
Teach me how to kill.
I want revenge.
Don't talk to me about revenge.
I found you a job.
There is a place that brews
liquor in the west of the city.
She's willing to take you in.
Go with her.
You're kicking me out again?
Liquor is the best.
Liquor makers
are very virtuous.
Let's go.
I'm not going.
Why can't I drink?
Why can't I take revenge?
Why can't I be like you?
Let's go.
If I die,
will you avenge me?
I told you I won't avenge you.
Will you take revenge for me then?
No.
Night soil cart!
Boss,
we don't have enough nitre.
What do we do then?
I'll open the fire-strike bombs for you.
Sure. This...
No way.
Are you trying to kill me?
Now the quantity in the
warehouse doesn't even add up.
You're already on the
government's bounty list.
You were lucky
you bumped into that
blind man the last time.
Otherwise...
What's going on?
Stop!
Brat!
Don't run!
Come here!
Stop!
Stop right there!
Brat!
Brat.
Let's see where you can go this time.
It's you again.
You know him?
The son of that blind man.
Who cares whose son he is?
Tie him up!
Don't come over.
Kid.
Don't do anything stupid.
Stay back.
I want to borrow something from you.
Don't block my way.
Move!
Okay.
Back off.
B-b-back off.
Slowly.
Be careful.
Hurry.
Throw him out!
Do you want to die?
Say something.
I was so close to him.
If I were as good as you,
I could have taken revenge.
Sir, the chicken blood you asked for.
Look carefully.
Did you see that?
What?
Look at his neck.
You have one too.
Use this from now on.
What are you doing?
Stop there!
Sleep early.
I'll take you to a place tomorrow.
Kid.
Where did you come from?
You rascal.
Are you here to steal?
Tell me.
Don't underestimate me.
If this were a knife,
you would have died once.
Be good.
There is a blind man living in this skin.
Its name is Silang.
It's my horse.
Why isn't it with you?
With me,
it can't run.
It'll be a shame.
It's the best horse.
It likes you.
So much of our lives, we
haven’t seen each other.
Moving as two different stars.
That night, we met again. What a night!
Together at last, by the candle light.
From the night rain, spring chives are cut
in a meal that’s freshly
cooked and mixed with yellow grain.
Tomorrow we part across the mountains.
And life and the world
are boundless and obscure.
From the night rain, spring chives (chun jiu) are cut in a meal
that’s freshly cooked and mixed with yellow grain (huang liang).
Tomorrow we part across the mountains, and
life and the world are boundless and obscure.
Do you know what these mean?
Chun jiu...
is spring wine.
Huang liang...
His Majesty's food.
Silang is so fast.
I feel like the wind when I'm on its back.
That's how birds feel
when they're flying, right?
I think so.
This is my first time riding a horse.
When was your first time?
I grew up on horse backs.
In Chang'an?
Yes.
What does Chang'an look like?
Chang'an is big.
There is a market in front of my house.
I go there every day.
On the right, there's a naan shop
and a bun shop.
On the left, a rice wine store,
a pepper store,
a butcher's, a fishmonger's.
On the west street is the Huaniao Market
that sells silk, colorful fabrics,
and huqin.
Zhang Xiaoyu.
I want to go back to Chang'an.
After I get my revenge,
we'll go together.
How did you know?
She's the person we're looking for.
I found the person who
drew the wanted poster
and identified him.
This is the kid.
How much is she worth?
You look familiar.
We've met before.
At Fengbei Tower.
Why were you there?
Why did you draw that poster?
Were you there that night too?
You want revenge, right?
What's your relationship
with that blind man?
Why did he help you?
He didn't help me.
So you do want revenge.
Hey.
Zhang Xiaoyu.
Don't move!
Put down the knife.
Hurry up!
Strangle her to death then.
Let's go.
Where are we going?
To kill someone.
I promised you.
Don't kill him.
He's not my enemy.
What do you think revenge is?
A few more innocent dead,
and a few more living
people who want revenge.
That's the cost.
What about you?
What are you going to do?
I've already paid the price.
I've asked around.
There's a team of horses
leaving town in the morning.
Go with them.
You could use a little help on the road.
Okay.
You left in a hurry.
I scraped the bottom,
that's all there is.
Your cold isn't a strange disease.
You can buy this
medicine from the Persians.
In Chang'an,
don't rush to buy a house.
Rent a few places
and then choose a suitable one.
It's enough.
If you hear anything in a few days,
just pretend you don't know.
Is it for that child?
It's for me.
If you go back,
you won't be able to be
a bounty hunter anymore.
Be an ordinary person then.
An ordinary person?
You wish.
I've already paid the price.
I don't want to.
Let him go.
Next question.
What's the color in front of you?
Black.
Has it always been black?
It was red at first.
Then the dust
turned it black.
Is there no light at all?
Yes.
Not at all.
I'll give you one eye.
One is enough for me.
Do you want the left or the right?
What's the difference?
There's a difference.
My left eye is bigger.
Why did you leave your hometown?
Because I don't have a family.
Where did they go?
They died.
How did you get here?
Ask me next time.
We have to set off tomorrow.
Pack up.
Let's go.
Zhang Xiaoyu!
Where is the kid?
Where did she go?
The child.
The one who was with me.
Zhang Xiaoyu!
You can't even see a child.
Are you more blind than me?
Zhang Xiaoyu!
Hey.
The kid left.
He left last night.
Where did he go?
It's been a while.
He went back.
He went back to Youzhou.
How did he leave?
I prepared a good horse for him
and sent him back with
the best rider I could find.
A cart can't compare to a fast horse.
Sir,
even if we work this horse to the bone,
we can't get to Youzhou before dark.
Stop.
Silang!
How long have they been gone?
How many of us are there?
Not less than 300.
Come with me out of town before dawn.
I'll catch them myself.
I heard that a child
has been trying to kill me.
It's you, right?
You're amazing.
Unfortunately, you're not lucky.
Didn't you say a blind
man has been helping you?
Why isn't he here?
It must be fun to play with him.
Lieutenant won't care
about someone like you.
Really?
What kind of person am I?
What kind of person is he?
What's your relationship with him?
Why
don't you play with me?
You're going to die.
Are you afraid?
After you're dead,
I'll dig your eyes out
and stuff them into his sockets.
Then he'll be able to see.
Bullshit!
Then, I'll kill him.
You can be reunited then.
I'm not afraid of you.
I'm not afraid!
Don't come.
Bullshit!
Weren't you going to Chang'an?
What's the difference
if you don't go?
Are you hurt?
Speak.
Hold tight.
Behind you.
I'm happy
you came to play.
But I've had enough fun.
Lieutenant.
[Interesting]
Zhang Xiaoyu.
What you said before...
does it still count?
I...
I'll avenge you.
Change places with me.
Yes.
I've avenged your death.
Go home for me.
Bullshit!
My name is Zhang Xiaoyu.
Yu refers to a fish in two pools of water.
I don't know if two pools of water
will make the fish's life better.
But 153 days after
I met Lieutenant,
I lost him.
Chang'an is really big.
There's a market at the
entrance of where I live.
♫ Where are the great men of the past ♫
It nine cents for 10 pieces of naan.
♫ And where are those of future years? ♫
One liang of rice wine costs 3.5 cents.
14 cents for one catty of meat.
♫ The sky and earth forever last ♫
A carp costs 50 cents.
♫ Here and now I alone shed tears ♫
I want to tell him
the fish is delicious.
♫ At that time ♫
The meat is much cheaper than in Youzhou.
♫ Why were you sad ♫
The day lilies are blooming.
It always rains in the morning.
♫ When I think of it again ♫
I think
I'm becoming more and more
like an ordinary person.
♫ I smile and all is clear ♫
Keep it.
Really?